https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=yourguitaracademytv
https://filmsbykris.com/rss.xml linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=BryanLunduke linux
https://freedompenguin.com/feed/ linux
http://wakingup.libsyn.com/rss philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZQE7IVuRhxr54i6mHBrlMQ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=gotbletu linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=petermillard1 woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=jpheisz woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzGbp-rRVNwyFhn9gHoZr5g woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaJsEh2_YxWHMcjASs4cJcA woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Matthiaswandel woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=PaulSellersWoodwork woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=Alukuchen1992 woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVyE_6jEtVZGmYGXtUOL5FQ woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8HX5CxoGOt2q1uT7uQxLOw woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTomKrWlaNa1YVVWwjpbZpA woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnRwrrMKMCvcHhY5hhE3YZw woodworking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4UDFzeOPhEkPJMuIqoVqTA woodworking shed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAPPwmy6TfvzEOskLK5bGxw cars
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6hOVYvNn79Sl1Fc1vx2mYA chess
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClV9nqHHcsrm2krkFDPPr-g chess
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXPHFM88IlFn68OmLwtPmZA linux vim 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?user=ChessNetwork
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=
